README.md, before:

# 👨‍💻 Hasan Raisan

**Full-Stack Developer**  

---

### 🚀 Skills

### ⚙️ Back-end
* C++, C#
* ASP.NET Core, Entity Framework Core
* .NET Framework, Windows Forms, ADO.NET
* RESTful API, Windows Service

### 🌐 Front-end
* React, JavaScript, TypeScript
* HTML, CSS
* Bootstrap

### 💾 Database
* SQL Server
* T-SQL (Transact-SQL)

### 🔗 Tools & Version Control
* GitHub
* Postman

### 🌏 Languages 
* Arabic: Native
* English: Upper Intermediate 
---

## 📫 Contact

- 🔗 LinkedIn: [LinkedIn Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hasan-raisan-949b84241)
- 📍 GitHub: [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/HasanRaisan)

---
## 🚀 Projects

### Featured Projects
-  [Clean Architecture - TeacherStudentAPI](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/CleanArchitecture_TeacherStudentAPI)  
-  [Driving Vehicle License Department (DVLD)](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/Driving-Vehicle-License-Department-DVLD-)  
-  [Bank System](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/Bank-System)
-  [Student API](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/Student-API)

### Front-End Web Projects
- [React: My Website](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/My-Website)  -  -  view live: [hasanraisan.vercel.app](https://hasanraisan.vercel.app)
- [React: To Do](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/To-Do---React) - - view live: [hasan-todos.vercel.app](https://hasan-todos.vercel.app/)
- [JavaScript Projects](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/HTML-CSS-JS-Projects) -  -  view live: [hasan-typingtest.vercel.app](https://hasan-typingtest.vercel.app/) - [hasan-guesstheword.vercel.app](https://hasan-guesstheword.vercel.app/) - [hasan-fetchrepos.vercel.app](https://hasan-fetchrepos.vercel.app/)
- [HTML-CSS (Bootstrap): Bondi](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/HTML-CSS-Bootstrap-) -  - View Live: [hasanraisan-bondi.vercel.app](https://hasanraisan-bondi.vercel.app/)
- [HTML - CSS: FEN](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/FEN-HTML-CSS) -  - view live: [hasanraisan-fen.vercel.app](https://hasanraisan-fen.vercel.app/)
- [HTML - CSS: Nova](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/Nova-HTML-CSS) -  - View Live: [hasanraisan-nova.vercel.app](https://hasanraisan-nova.vercel.app/)

### Other
-  [ATM](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/ATM)  
-  [Windows Services](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/Windows-Services)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=HasanRaisan&layout=compact&theme=graywhite)

Commit message:

Add courses section to README
Added a section for completed courses in the README.

README.md, after:

# 👨‍💻 Hasan Raisan

**Full-Stack Developer**  

---

### 🚀 Skills

### ⚙️ Back-end
* C++, C#
* ASP.NET Core, Entity Framework Core
* .NET Framework, Windows Forms, ADO.NET
* RESTful API, Windows Service

### 🌐 Front-end
* React, JavaScript, TypeScript
* HTML, CSS
* Bootstrap

### 💾 Database
* SQL Server
* T-SQL (Transact-SQL)

### 🔗 Tools & Version Control
* GitHub
* Postman

### 🌏 Languages 
* Arabic: Native
* English: Upper Intermediate 
---

## 📘 Courses
- Completed the full programming roadmap (24 courses) from [Programming Advices](https://programmingadvices.com/p/roadmap)
---

## 📫 Contact

- 🔗 LinkedIn: [LinkedIn Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hasan-raisan-949b84241)
- 📍 GitHub: [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/HasanRaisan)

---
## 🚀 Projects

### Featured Projects
-  [Clean Architecture - TeacherStudentAPI](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/CleanArchitecture_TeacherStudentAPI)  
-  [Driving Vehicle License Department (DVLD)](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/Driving-Vehicle-License-Department-DVLD-)  
-  [Bank System](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/Bank-System)
-  [Student API](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/Student-API)

### Front-End Web Projects
- [React: My Website](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/My-Website)  -  -  view live: [hasanraisan.vercel.app](https://hasanraisan.vercel.app)
- [React: To Do](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/To-Do---React) - - view live: [hasan-todos.vercel.app](https://hasan-todos.vercel.app/)
- [JavaScript Projects](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/HTML-CSS-JS-Projects) -  -  view live: [hasan-typingtest.vercel.app](https://hasan-typingtest.vercel.app/) - [hasan-guesstheword.vercel.app](https://hasan-guesstheword.vercel.app/) - [hasan-fetchrepos.vercel.app](https://hasan-fetchrepos.vercel.app/)
- [HTML-CSS (Bootstrap): Bondi](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/HTML-CSS-Bootstrap-) -  - View Live: [hasanraisan-bondi.vercel.app](https://hasanraisan-bondi.vercel.app/)
- [HTML - CSS: FEN](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/FEN-HTML-CSS) -  - view live: [hasanraisan-fen.vercel.app](https://hasanraisan-fen.vercel.app/)
- [HTML - CSS: Nova](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/Nova-HTML-CSS) -  - View Live: [hasanraisan-nova.vercel.app](https://hasanraisan-nova.vercel.app/)

### Other
-  [ATM](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/ATM)  
-  [Windows Services](https://github.com/HasanRaisan/Windows-Services)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=HasanRaisan&layout=compact&theme=graywhite)
